README.md, before:

# pairpoint_qae_challenge
This repository contains a test automation suite for https://reqres.in/api API for /users endpoint. The chosen framework was Robot Framework.

## How to setup the project
To setup the project, one must have python installed (e.g. 3.12) and install the required libraries from the requirements.txt file, with the following command:

```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run the tests
To run the all the tests in this project, one must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i all-tests tests
```

Where the -i includes all the tests with the tag all-tests inside tests folder.

If one wants to run only the create user tests, one must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i create-user tests
```

The same applies to the get user. One must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i get-user tests
```

## How to run it in parallel
This project was setup also to run the tests in parallel. To do it, one should run the following command:

```shell
pabot tests
```

Pabot creates workers to run each suite. For this specific case, two workers will be created to run the suite create_new_user and get_user. PS: it is installed in the previous step (while installing the libraries from the requirements.txt file)

## Run Evidence
Below, one can see an example of Test Run Report:

<iframe src="/evidence/report.html" width="100%" height="100%"></iframe>

And an example of Test Run Log:

<iframe src="/evidence/log.html" width="100%" height="100%"></iframe>

Commit message:

chore: update README.md file with the correct reports

README.md, after:

# pairpoint_qae_challenge
This repository contains a test automation suite for https://reqres.in/api API for /users endpoint. The chosen framework was Robot Framework.

## How to setup the project
To setup the project, one must have python installed (e.g. 3.12) and install the required libraries from the requirements.txt file, with the following command:

```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## How to run the tests
To run the all the tests in this project, one must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i all-tests tests
```

Where the -i includes all the tests with the tag all-tests inside tests folder.

If one wants to run only the create user tests, one must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i create-user tests
```

The same applies to the get user. One must run the following command:

```shell
robot -i get-user tests
```

## How to run it in parallel
This project was setup also to run the tests in parallel. To do it, one should run the following command:

```shell
pabot tests
```

Pabot creates workers to run each suite. For this specific case, two workers will be created to run the suite create_new_user and get_user. PS: it is installed in the previous step (while installing the libraries from the requirements.txt file)

## Run Evidence
You can view the HTML file [here](path/to/yourfile.html).

[Here](/evidence/report.html), one can see an example of Test Run Report.

And [here](/evidence/log.html), one can see an example of Test Run Log.
